1542304920
Application	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationJob	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/jobs/application_job.rb	class ApplicationJob 
ApplicationMailer	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/mailers/application_mailer.rb	class ApplicationMailer 
ApplicationRecord	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/models/application_record.rb	class ApplicationRecord 
CreateProjects	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/db/migrate/20181106154651_create_projects.rb	class CreateProjects 
CreateTasks	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/db/migrate/20181112171457_create_tasks.rb	class CreateTasks 
CwcBack	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/config/application.rb	module CwcBack
Project	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectSerializer	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/serializers/project_serializer.rb	class ProjectSerializer 
ProjectTest	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/test/models/project_test.rb	class ProjectTest 
ProjectsController	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	  class ProjectsController 
Task	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/models/task.rb	class Task 
TaskControllerTest	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/test/controllers/task_controller_test.rb	class TaskControllerTest 
TaskSerializer	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/serializers/task_serializer.rb	class TaskSerializer 
TaskTest	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/test/models/task_test.rb	class TaskTest 
TasksController	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	  class TasksController 
TestCase	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
V1	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	module Api::V1
V1	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	module Api::V1
change	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/db/migrate/20181112171457_create_tasks.rb	  def change
change	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/db/migrate/20181106154651_create_projects.rb	  def change
create	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def create
create	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def create
destroy	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def destroy
destroy	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def destroy
find_project	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def find_project
find_task	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def find_task
index	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def index
index	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def index
project_params	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def project_params
show	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def show
show	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def show
task_params	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def task_params
update	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/tasks_controller.rb	    def update
update	D:/laragon/www/cwc-back/app/controllers/api/v1/projects_controller.rb	    def update
